README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared.png)](http://travis-ci.org/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared)

# NAME

Prometheus::Tiny::Shared - A tiny Prometheus client with a shared database behind it

# SYNOPSIS

    use Prometheus::Tiny::Shared;

    my $prom = Prometheus::Tiny::Shared->new;

# DESCRIPTION

`Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` is a wrapper around [Prometheus::Tiny](https://metacpan.org/pod/Prometheus%3A%3ATiny) that instead of storing metrics data in a hashtable, stores them in a shared database (provided by SQLite, though this may change in the future). This lets you keep a single set of metrics in a multithreaded app.

`Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` should be a drop-in replacement for `Prometheus::Tiny`. Any differences in behaviour is a bug, and should be reported.

# CONSTRUCTOR

## new

    my $prom = Prometheus::Tiny::Shared->new(filename => ...);

`filename`, if provided, will name an on-disk file to use as the backing store. If not supplied, an in-memory store will be used, which is suitable for testing purposes.

`init_file`, if set to true, will overwrite any existing data file with the given name. If you do this while you already have existing `Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` objects using the old file, strange things will probably happen. Don't do that.

The `cache_args` argument will cause the constructor to croak. Code using this arg in previous versions of Prometheus::Tiny::Shared no longer work, and needs to be updated to use the `filename` argument instead.

# SUPPORT

## Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at [https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared/issues](https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared/issues).
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

## Source Code

This is open source software. The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

[https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared](https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared)

    git clone https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared.git

# AUTHORS

- Rob N ★ <robn@robn.io>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2017 by Rob N ★

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Commit message:

Disable SQLite synchronous writes
Vastly improve performance in busy programs.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared.png)](http://travis-ci.org/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared)

# NAME

Prometheus::Tiny::Shared - A tiny Prometheus client with a shared database behind it

# SYNOPSIS

    use Prometheus::Tiny::Shared;

    my $prom = Prometheus::Tiny::Shared->new;

# DESCRIPTION

`Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` is a wrapper around [Prometheus::Tiny](https://metacpan.org/pod/Prometheus%3A%3ATiny) that instead of storing metrics data in a hashtable, stores them in a shared database (provided by SQLite, though this may change in the future). This lets you keep a single set of metrics in a multithreaded app.

`Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` should be a drop-in replacement for `Prometheus::Tiny`. Any differences in behaviour is a bug, and should be reported.

# CONSTRUCTOR

## new

    my $prom = Prometheus::Tiny::Shared->new(filename => ...);

`filename`, if provided, will name an on-disk file to use as the backing store. If not supplied, an in-memory store will be used, which is suitable for testing purposes.

`init_file`, if set to true, will overwrite any existing data file with the given name. If you do this while you already have existing `Prometheus::Tiny::Shared` objects using the old file, strange things will probably happen. Don't do that.

The `cache_args` argument will cause the constructor to croak. Code using this arg in previous versions of Prometheus::Tiny::Shared no longer work, and needs to be updated to use the `filename` argument instead.

# NOTES

The on-disk backing store file is not intended to be a persistent, durable store (Prometheus will handle metrics resetting to zero correctly). For best performance, store it on some kind of memory-backed filesystem (eg Linux `tmpfs`).

# SUPPORT

## Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at [https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared/issues](https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared/issues).
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

## Source Code

This is open source software. The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

[https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared](https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared)

    git clone https://github.com/robn/Prometheus-Tiny-Shared.git

# AUTHORS

- Rob N ★ <robn@robn.io>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2017 by Rob N ★

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
